Mission update (#476)
Azure/arc_jumpstart_docs: docs/mission/_index.md

weight: 1
---

## Our mission and principles: Empowering seamless Azure adaptive cloud adoption

> Welcome to the heart of our mission at Arc Jumpstart, where we strive to transform your learning experience into a smooth and empowering journey. Our commitment is rooted in the principles that drive us forward:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our core mission at Arc Jumpstart is to provide "the missing link" between traditional product documentation and "real-world" applied solutions of Microsoft technology and the adaptive cloud portfolio that bring value to Microsoft customers and partners. Our commitment to this mission is rooted in the principles that drive us forward:
```

> 1. **“User never fails” mentality:** Your success is our top priority. We aim to provide foolproof, easy-to-use instructions in every guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **“User never fails” mentality:** Your success is our top priority. We aim to provide foolproof, easy-to-use instructions in every guide. We also have an active community on GitHub for user issues and discussion.
```

2. **Automation excellence:** If it can or should be automated, rest assured, it will be automated. We believe in the power of automation, streamlining processes, and simplifying complex tasks to make your journey smooth and efficient.

> 3. **Lego-like modularity:** We embrace a modular automation philosophy akin to Lego-like coding. Our content is designed to be reusable, comprehensive, repeatable, and above all, reliable. Just like building blocks, these modules assemble into robust, scalable solutions tailored to your needs.

Reviewer: suggest we remove this lego paragraph.

4. **Inclusivity in deployment:** We support as many deployment options as possible, recognizing the diversity of your environment. Regardless of your infrastructure, our guides are tailored to ensure seamless integration, making the technology we advocate for accessible to everyone.

> 5. **Attention to detail:** No detail is too small for us! We try to include every necessary screenshot, note, disclaimer, and explanation, so you will not need to waste your time on unnecessary questions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. **Attention to detail:** No detail is too small for us. We try to include every necessary screenshot, note, disclaimer, and explanation, so you will not need to waste your time on unnecessary questions.
```

6. **Embracing innovation:** We focus exclusively on Public Preview and General Availability (GA) services and features, ensuring that you have access to the latest innovations and capabilities.

![Image of the Jumpstart core design principles](/img/about/principles.png)

## Our commitment to the open source community: elevating excellence together

At Arc Jumpstart, we consider high code quality not just a priority, but a fundamental principle. Our extensive automation and scripting for scenarios and features undergo rigorous code reviews and testing, ensuring a standard of excellence that our users can rely on. We believe that quality is not just about meticulous craftsmanship, but also about selecting and integrating the right tools effectively.

> In the spirit of open-source collaboration, we are deeply committed to supporting the wider community. We recognize the remarkable contributions of others and actively seek opportunities to build upon their work. With tens of open-source projects integrated into Jumpstart, our commitment extends beyond mere usage. We pledge to support, advocate, and contribute to these projects, fostering an environment of mutual growth and innovation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the spirit of open-source collaboration, we are deeply committed to supporting the wider community. We recognize the remarkable contributions of others and actively seek opportunities to build upon their work. With many popular open-source projects integrated into Jumpstart, our commitment extends beyond mere usage. We pledge to support, advocate, and contribute to these projects, fostering an environment of mutual growth and innovation.
```
